Add support for simulation for dead layer: optimization, more geometry support, tutorials, etc (#502)
JuliaPhysics/SolidStateDetectors.jl: docs/src/man/charge_drift.md

It should be noted that the correct model has not yet been identified, and the parameters inside these configuration files -besides the default ADL ones- are just educated guesses.

### Inactive Layer Charge Drift Model

> The [`InactiveLayerChargeDriftModel`](@ref) describes a system in which electrons and holes move along the electric field lines. The mobilities for electrons and holes are scalar ($+$ for holes, and $-$ for electrons), and thus, the velocity field has the same (or opposite) direction as the electric field.

Reviewer: This currently breaks the docs build.
```suggestion
The `InactiveLayerChargeDriftModel` describes a system in which electrons and holes move along the electric field lines. The mobilities for electrons and holes are scalar ($+$ for holes, and $-$ for electrons), and thus, the velocity field has the same (or opposite) direction as the electric field.
```

The `InactiveLayerChargeDriftModel` can be specified in the configuration file as field `charge_drift_model` of the `semiconductor` of a detector, e.g.

```yaml 
detectors:
  semiconductor:
    # ...
    charge_drift_model:
      model: InactiveLayerChargeDriftModel
      temperature: 90K
      bulk_impurity_density:
        name: constant
        value: -1e10cm^-3
      surface_impurity_density:
        name: li_diffusion
        lithium_annealing_temperature: 623K
        lithium_annealing_time: 18minute
        doped_contact_id: 2
      neutral_impurity_density:
        name: constant
        value: 5.6769e15cm^-3
```

The `charge_drift_model` needs:
- `model`: the name of the charge drift model, which in this case is `InactiveLayerChargeDriftModel`
- `temperature`: the crystal temperature
- `bulk_impurity_density` (optional): the density of the p-type impurity in the crystal.
- `surface_impurity_density` (optional): the density profile of lithium (n-type) in the surface layer
- `neutral_impurity_density`: the density profile of the non-ionized impurity in the crystal

> > We could save the `bulk_impurity_density` and `surface_impurity_density` fields, if the `PtypePNJunctionImpurityDensity` is defined as the overall impurity density profile.

Author: Yes, for reminding users. Where it should be?

> > We could save the `bulk_impurity_density` and `surface_impurity_density` fields, if the `PtypePNJunctionImpurityDensity` is defined as the overall impurity density profile.

Reviewer: Maybe I'm misunderstanding what you mean by "save"..
"Save" as in "write out to a file"? Or "save" as in "there is no need to spend"?

> > We could save the `bulk_impurity_density` and `surface_impurity_density` fields, if the `PtypePNJunctionImpurityDensity` is defined as the overall impurity density profile.

Reviewer: Then maybe rephrase this to make it more clear.
Just to suggest something:
```suggestion
> Note that the fields `bulk_impurity_density` and `surface_impurity_density` do not need to be explicitly defined if `PtypePNJunctionImpurityDensity` is chosen as the overall impurity density profile.
```
but choose whatever you feel would describe it best!
